['the size is accurate to the description, with it being around 12 inches. however his body is quite slim. things that i do like are the fact that his limbs and tail are very sturdy. the tail even has some kind of plastic inside to keep it up strong.  he sizes up quite well with my riolu. nice addition to the collection.', 'product is as described, yet seems a bit short of 12”.bit the bullet because my son really wanted lucario for xmas and i couldn’t find it elsewhere, but this should be a 20$ plush at the most.', "it's very cute and soft but for the price i would have thought it would be bigger. my little brother was very happy though.", 'i think my grandson will enjoy it since he asked for it and new about the dimension (20 centimeters) and look.  i think it is a little bit expensive since i have 3 grandsons and each one will want their own... but it is a nice plush and i am sure it will accompany them nicely (and probably keep them away from the screen withouth disconnecting about these pokemon games they enjoy so much).', 'we are catching them all so if prices could be better that would help but i’m happy with the plush', '50 dollars for this?? not worth it - way too small! but the child i gifted it to loved it!', 'cette peluche ressemble a la photo decrite sur le site. elle est arrivée en bonne état et à la date exacte donc je suis satisfaite!', "it's nice and authentic from the pokemon merchandise. however it's a few dollars more expensive on amazon than from eb games.", 'tel que la commande, merci', 'very well made.  exactly what to expect', 'good quality product my girl tosses it around all over, no rips nothing she absolutely loved it', 'il est vraiment petit pour 40$......', 'it was perfect. good quality. exactly what my son wanted', 'great', 'my grandson loves it', 'grandson added this to his collection - was happy.', 'my son was soooo happy.  the product arrived in perfect condition.  very sturdy and clean.', 'my son loves his gift. he takes this guy everywhere.', 'love it', 'great gift and perfect size for the price', "this is one of the highest quality job i've seen from a plush. looks like just came out of the game/cartoon. my 4 years old absolutely loves it"]
